Hello, welcome to Yet Another Cloud System, or YACS for short. 

The YACS administration site consists of four pages. This is the home page, the home page shows a brief overview of the architecture we have used. 

The next page we will look at is the search page. *click on search page*.

This is the search page, to the left, you can see a list consisting of keys and values. 
These key-value pairs will act as search criteria used to find a suitable edge node.
Filling the fields is easy! Simply type a tag name, and a value, and press the add button. *demonstrate*.
You can add several search criteria in order to increase the precision of the search.
You can also remove search criteria. *demonstrate*.
When you are done, press the search button.

If any edge nodes match your search criteria, they will appear in the table to the right.
Edge nodes are visualized with their ID and a button with the text 'Manage'. Clicking the 'Manage' button will take us to the management page.
However, we will not visit the management page at this point.

Next is the page called SuperNodes. This page displays a list of all the currently online super nodes in the internal YACS network.
It also shows the online status of the super node. If a supernode is marked as 'Offline', it will not be manageable.

Since this node is Online, we can manage it. *demonstrate*
This will display all edge nodes currently connected to this super node. It will also show all edge nodes which are connected in the network itself.
Clicking 'Manage' here on any edge node will take us the same page as we showed on the Search page. *demonstrate*

This is the node management page. This page shows the current status of an edge node.
First, we can see a graph showing the CPU load over time, with the Y-axis showing the load and the X-axis showing the time.
Pressing the button 'Refresh graph' will refresh the graph to show the current CPU load. *demonstrate*.

Below, we can see two collapsed menus, Images and Containers.
Images list the images which are currently on the edge node machines Docker client.
Containers list the containers running or stopped on the edge node machines Docker client.

Pressing the toggle table will show or hide the associated lists. *demonstrate*.
If for example an edge node is being managed by some other peer, the site doesn't refresh itself.
Pressing the 'refresh' button will cause the associated table to update its contents. *demonstrate*.

Under the images heading, we can see a button called 'Pull image'.
This button will display a pop-up which allows us to pull an image to this edge node. 
Here you will see two buttons, 'Pull image' and 'Pull image from private repository'.
Pulling an image with the ordinary method will cause it to download the image put in the field from the global Docker repositories.
Pulling an image with the private method will cause the image to be pulled from our private Docker repository.
Availability of images may vary depending on which repository we chose to use. *demonstrate*

When an image is on the edge node, we can create a container from it. *demonstrate*.
We can also remove the image. *demonstrate*.
And we can push the image to the private repository so that it may be used by another edge node on the network.
We are going to take an image and create a container from it.
*create new container*

Over in the containers field, we can see the currently active containers running on the edge node.
We can also see their current status. For example, this container has exited.
Our newly created container is here. 
We can start the container by pressing 'Start'. When the container is in its running state, we get a few more options.
We can chose to stop it, kill or delete it, and save its state.
Stopping the container will result in a graceful application termination.
Kill will cause an OS interrupt which will immediately stop the container.
Delete will stop and remove the container from the container list.

Pressing the save state button allows us to create a new image with the current state of the container.
When you save a container state, you will create a new image. 
To do so, one must input an image name, and a tag which is used to distinguish between different subversions of the same image.

Here, we can see the image we just created. By pressing the button labeled 'Push' we commit it to the private repository from which it can be retrieved and setup again.

Next, we have the images page. 
This page shows the images currently on the private repository. 
This page also allows us to search for an image.  

That concludes the YACS management page. Thank you for listening.